added doc for how to develop with devfiles (#119)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/user-guide/partials/proc_developing-with-devfiles.adoc

[id="proc_developing-with-devfiles_{context}"]
= Developing with devfiles
[role="_abstract"]

> Use the devfile specification to develop a node.js “Hello World” application. Developing this application introduces you to how a devfile automates and simplifies your development process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the devfile specification to develop a Node.js “Hello World” application. Developing this application introduces you to how a devfile automates and simplifies your development process.
```

.Prerequisites

> * To develop an application by using the devfile specification, you need to create a Kubernetes cluster on your local machine. To create such a cluster, install link:https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/[minikube].

Reviewer: Not true. You don't need:
* a *local* cluster to develop an app with devfile spec
* a K8s cluster
* minikube for a local cluster
This should be reformulated to make it clear that this is just a suggested option out of many.

Author: Let me know what you think about the revised prereqs!

* To access your namespaces, download link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-macos/[kubectl].

> * When you use minikube for the first time, you must enable Ingress to access your devfile projects. Enable Ingress by running `minikube addons enable ingress`.

Reviewer 2: probably also add a doc reference. https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/ingress-minikube/

> ** Set up link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/ingress-minikube/[Ingress on minikube].

Reviewer: The two sub-points seem to do the same thing. One points to docs on how to set up Ingress, the other tells you how to do it. So, which one do we want? Or combine them?

** Enable Ingress by running `minikube addons enable ingress`.

> * To execute the devfile specification, install the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.6/html/cli_tools/developer-cli-odo#installing-odo[odo cli tool].

Reviewer: You don't "execute the devfile spec" by installing odo. This needs to be reformulated.

cli -> CLI (and let's not use an acronym  without explaining it first)

.Procedure

> . Run `minikube start` to build your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: The first two points seem redundant. Minikube installation is not described, and yet we now go into the 'minikube start' kind of detail.

. Run `kubectl get namespaces` to confirm you are in the default namespace.

> . Run `odo catalog list components` to view the available devfiles.

Reviewer: Display commands on separate lines, not inline:
```suggestion
. View the available devfiles:
+
----
$ odo catalog list components
----
```
Use this for all commands.

> . Run `odo create nodejs <name of your project> --starter` to create a devfile project.

Reviewer: Use italics for the substitutable part of the command.

> * Adding `--starter` tells odo to include the starter project currently inside the nodejs devfile specification, which makes it easier for you to develop an application.

Reviewer: Avoid anthromorphisms. See IBM SG, pg. 9.
```suggestion
* Add the `--starter` parameter to include the starter project currently inside the Node.js devfile specification, which makes it easier for you to develop an application.
```

> . Run `kubectl get pod` to access your container.

Reviewer 2: `get pod` does not help access the container. it list all pods under current namespace

Author: Thanks for the clarification. On second thought, I don't think we need this step because the user does not need to list all the pods. I removed this step. Think the instructions work fine without it?

Reviewer 2: yes, you are fine removing this step.

> . Run `minkube IP` to find your cluster IP address.

Reviewer: minkube -> minikube

. Run `odo url create <name you give the url> --ingress --host <IP address>.nip.io`. Doing so creates an ingress inside your cluster that you can use to access your application using the cluster IP address.
* Example: `odo url create myfirstproject --ingress --host 192.168.64.2.nip.io`.

> . Run `odo push` to build the URL.

Reviewer 2: any specific reason we want to split into two `push` cmds?

Author: @yangcao77 I thought we needed to run `odo push` again to build the URL that we created with odo? Is the last step, line 26, `run odo push to build the URL` unnecessary, and therefore, can be deleted?

.Verification

> * To verify that you built your node.js "Hello World" application successfully, view the application in a web browser by copying and pasting the URL that was produced by running the `odo push` command.

Reviewer: -> Node.js

> . Go to the URL and view your "Hello World" application.

Reviewer: This single-step list is redundant - the instruction can be a part of the previous sentence.

> . Go the the URL and view your "Hello World" application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Go to the URL and view your "Hello World" application.
```

.Additional resources

> To continue working with devfiles, go to xref:using-devfiles.adoc[Using devfiles]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To continue working with devfiles, go to xref:using-devfiles.adoc[Using devfiles].
```

[id="proc_developing-with-devfiles_{context}"]
= Developing with devfiles
[role="_abstract"]

> Develop a node.js “Hello World” application, using the devfile specification. Developing this application introduces you to how a devfile automates and simplifies your development process.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the devfile specification to develop a node.js “Hello World” application. Developing this application introduces you to how a devfile automates and simplifies your development process.
```
- Reword the first sentence to make it more "devfile"-centric. My suggestion also creates a stronger transition to the next sentence by putting the 2 uses of "application" in closer proximity.

> .Prerequisites

Reviewer 4: I assume this Prereqs format is consistent with the rest of devfile docs and looks good among them?

I mean a somewhat "more expected" Prereq list would look like:
- A Kubenertes cluster is installed on your local machine. To...
- Kubectl is installed...
etc.
But I do like your more explanatory Prereq section with why users need this or that step.

> * To develop an application by using the devfile specification, you need to be on a cluster. To create a cluster, install link:https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/[minikube start].

Author: If I'm right, I think we are discouraged to link users to outside pages. Do you think simply saying what they need is sufficient? That is, simply say they need to be on a cluster, need kubectl, need the odo cli tool? 

I thought the links made it easier and quicker for users to get up and going.

Reviewer 4: @jc-berger IIRC, we were discouraged from linking to proprietary and commercial resources while referencing open source projects/docs is considered fine. It could have changed though.

Anyway in your case it seems very helpful to link to a tool that's needed as a prereq.

Reviewer 3: Yes. I think linking to upstream projects is OK. But it's my understanding that linking to Github requires special dispensation. In this case, it's a useful link that will help users get up and running, so I think it's OK.

> * To develop an application by using the devfile specification, you need to be on a cluster. To create a cluster, install link:https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/[minikube start].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* To develop an application by using the devfile specification, you need to create a Kubernetes cluster on your local machine. To create such a cluster, install link:https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/[minikube start].
```
- I'm not entirely clear what it means `to be on cluster`. Maybe it's better to specify that the user needs to use minikube to spin up a test or sandbox Kubernetes cluster on their local machine. My suggestion here is maybe too specific, but at least consider a more specific way to tell the user what they need to install.

Author: I think your rewrite makes senses and is better, thanks!

> * To develop an application by using the devfile specification, you need to create a Kubernetes cluster on your local machine. To create such a cluster, install link:https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/[minikube start].

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* To develop an application by using the devfile specification, you need to create a Kubernetes cluster on your local machine. To create such a cluster, install link:https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/[minikube].
```
While the page is called minikube start, it's a command, and a user needs to install a tool, minikube.

* To access your namespaces, download link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-macos/[kubectl].
* To execute the devfile specification, install the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.6/html/cli_tools/developer-cli-odo#installing-odo[odo cli tool].

.Procedure

> . Build your Kubernetes cluster by running `minikube start`.

Author: I want to keep the steps succinct, but I can provide explanations for the more complex steps if you think that'd be helpful.

Reviewer 3: In general, I'd rather see the steps lead with the command by following the structure of "Run `xyx` to access this functionality" rather than "Access this functionality by running `xyz`." I think it makes the steps more terse, and the important part (the command) is the first thing the user sees. I've edited the steps below with some suggestions along these lines.

> . When you use minikube for the first time, you must enable Ingress in order to access your devfile projects. Enable Ingress by running `minikube addons enable ingress`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. When you use minikube for the first time, you must enable Ingress to access your devfile projects. Enable Ingress by running `minikube addons enable ingress`.
```
- Per IBM SG, avoid "in order to". Use "to" in most cases to avoid wordiness.
- To me, this step feels more like a prerequisite step. Maybe move this as a Note admonition for the minikube item in the `Prerequistes` section?

> . Confirm you are on the default namespace by running `kubectl get namespaces`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Confirm you are in the default namespace by running `kubectl get namespaces`.
```
- `in a namespace` sounds more idiomatic to my ears than `on a namespace`

. View the available devfiles by running `odo catalog list components`.
. Create a devfile project by running `odo create nodejs <name of your project> --starter`.

> * Adding `--starter` tells odo to include the starter project currently inside the nodejs devfile specification, making it easier for you to develop an application.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Adding `--starter` tells odo to include the starter project currently inside the nodejs devfile specification, which makes it easier for you to develop an application.
```
- edit to avoid dangling gerund

> . Make odo read the devfile and create Kuberentes objects with the devfile by running, `odo push`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Run `odo push`. Doing so instructs odo to create the Kubernetes objects specified in the devfile.
```
- Avoid the word `make` in this context. `make` has a specific meaning in software development and is a command in its own right when compiling from source code.

> . Access your container by running, `kubectl get pod`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Run `kubectl get pod` to access your container.
```

> . Find your cluster IP by running, `minikube IP`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Run `minkube IP` to find your cluster IP address.
```

> . Create an ingress in order to access your application by running, `odo url create <name you give the url> --ingress --host <IP address>.nip.io`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Run `odo url create <name you give the url> --ingress --host <IP address>.nip.io`. Doing so creates an ingress to access your application.
```

> * With this command, you create an ingress inside the cluster. You need to get the cluster IP. To get the cluster IP, you need to run `minikube IP`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```
This isn't necessary if you make the edits I suggested above

* Example: `odo url create myfirstproject --ingress --host 192.168.64.2.nip.io`.

> . Build the URL with `odo push`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Run `odo push` to build the URL.
```

> .Verification steps

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
.Verification
```
As per RH modular docs template: https://github.com/redhat-documentation/modular-docs/blob/master/modular-docs-manual/files/TEMPLATE_PROCEDURE_doing-one-procedure.adoc

> .Verification steps

Author: Thoughts on the verification steps? Are they helpful for users to confirm that they have successfully built their hello world application?

Reviewer 3: Yes. Verification steps make sense here.

> . To verify that you built your node.js "Hello World" application, copy and paste the URL odo provided you.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* To verify that you built your node.js "Hello World" application successfully, view the application in a web browser by copying and pasting the URL that was produced by running the `odo push` command. 
```
- Consider combining the 2 verification steps into one.

. Go the the URL and view your "Hello World" application.

.Additional resources

> To continue working with devfiles, go to xref:using-devfiles.adoc[]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To continue working with devfiles, go to xref:using-devfiles.adoc[Using devfiles]
```
Does a link decriptor need to be here?
